Docs 8761 improve docs on fifo message group hn (#68)
mulesoft/docs-mq: modules/ROOT/pages/mq-queues.adoc

...
----

==== Use Message Groups to Process Messages in Parallel

Anypoint MQ automatically processes messages from different message groups in parallel, 
maintaining the relative order of messages in the message groups.

To process messages in message groups in parallel,

> preserving the order of messages within the groups,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and preserve the order of messages within the groups,
```
